But there must have been a death star canteen, yeah?
Where Darth Vader could just chill, in between battles...
I will have the penne ala arabiatta.
You'll need a tray.
Do you know who I am?
This is not a game of who the fuck are you.
For I am Vader, Darth Vader, Lord Vader. I can kill you with a single thought.
You'll still need a tray.
No, I will not need a tray. I do not need a tray to kill you. I could kill you without a tray.With the power of the force which is strong within me.
Even though, I could kill you with a tray if I so wish.
For I would hack at your neck with the thin bit, until the blood flowed across the canteen floor...
No, the food is hot. You'll need a tray to put the food on.
Oh! I see. The food is hot! Oh sorry, I did not realise.
I thought you were challenging me to a fight to the death.
Fight to the death?! This is a canteen. I work here.
Yes, but I'm Vader. Lord Vader? Everyone challenges me to a fight to the death.
Darth Vader? Lord Vader? Sir Lord Darth Vader? Sir Lord Death Vader? The Death Star? I run the Death Star.
What's the Death Star?
This is the Death Star! You're in the Death Star!
This is a star?
This is a fuckin star. I run it. I'm your boss!
You're Mr Suzuki?
No. I'm.. Who is Mr Suzuki?!
He's head of catering.
I am not head of catering!
I can kill catering with a single thought!
What?
I can kill you all with a thought! I can kill me with a thought!
Fuck it, I'll get a tray.
This one is wet! And this one is wet. And this one is wet. And this one is wet. This one is wet. This one is wet. Did you try this in a rainforest!?
Why, with the power of the death star do we not have a tray that is fucking dry.
No, no, no I was here first!
You have to form a queue if you want food! Oow, can I have the penne ala arabiatta please!
No, no, no. Do you know who I am?
That's Jeff Vader that is!
I am not Jeff Vader. I am Darth Vader.
What? Jeff Vader runs the Death Star!
No, Jeff...I run the Death Star.
Are you Jeff Vader?!
No! I am Darth Vader.
Are you his brother? Can you get his autograph!
No, ok, I'm Jeff Vader. I'm Jeff Vader.
Can I get your autograph?
No! Fuck off. Or I'll kill you with a tray. Give me penne arabiatta or you shall die! And you, and everyone in this canteen. Death by tray it shall be.
Ooooow. Do you want peas with that?
Peas?! It doesn't work with peas! Unless you stick them up the penne tubes and then it will be all weird.
Fine, I'll have some peas.
That was cut out of the final film.